abundant-namespace-dev                         Active   155d
apshinytest-dev                                Active   9d
book-a-prison-visit-api-dev                    Active   19d
book-a-prison-visit-api-preprod                Active   15d
book-a-prison-visit-dev                        Active   13d
book-a-prison-visit-preprod                    Active   12d
bucket-data-uploader-dev                       Active   26d
calculate-release-dates-api-preprod            Active   6d23h
calculate-release-dates-api-prod               Active   27m
calculate-release-dates-preprod                Active   6d22h
case-notes-to-probation-dev                    Active   23d
case-notes-to-probation-preprod                Active   6d23h
cert-manager                                   Active   155d
check-financial-eligibility-uat                Active   8d
check-my-diary-dev                             Active   15d
check-my-diary-preprod                         Active   14d
claim-criminal-injuries-compensation-dev       Active   24h
cloud-platform-canary-app-eks                  Active   48d
cloud-platform-migration                       Active   155d
cloud-platform-reference-app                   Active   155d
cloud-platform-reference-app-github-action     Active   82d
cloud-platform-reports-dev                     Active   155d
cloud-platform-reports-prod                    Active   155d
contact-moj-development                        Active   64d
create-and-vary-a-licence-api-dev              Active   4d22h
create-and-vary-a-licence-dev                  Active   45h
default                                        Active   155d
dex-alistair-helloworld                        Active   46h
disclosure-checker-staging                     Active   22d
dps-management-dev                             Active   13d
dps-toolkit                                    Active   13d
education-skills-work-employment-dev           Active   13d
elsa-relevant-search-production                Active   27d
elsa-relevant-search-staging                   Active   28d
evidencelibrary-test                           Active   16d
family-mediators-api-staging                   Active   13d
fj-cait-staging                                Active   14d
formbuilder-base-adapter-test                  Active   27d
formbuilder-monitoring                         Active   11d
formbuilder-platform-test-dev                  Active   15d
formbuilder-platform-test-production           Active   15d
formbuilder-product-page-staging               Active   13d
formbuilder-publisher-test                     Active   20d
formbuilder-repos                              Active   26d
formbuilder-saas-test                          Active   15d
hello-world-carlos-dev                         Active   5d2h
help-with-prison-visits-dev                    Active   9d
help-with-prison-visits-preprod                Active   9d
hmcts-complaints-formbuilder-adapter-staging   Active   14d
hmpps-audit-dev                                Active   13d
hmpps-audit-poc-api-dev                        Active   25d
hmpps-audit-poc-api-preprod                    Active   6d22h
hmpps-audit-poc-ui-dev                         Active   25d
hmpps-audit-poc-ui-preprod                     Active   6d22h
hmpps-audit-preprod                            Active   6d23h
hmpps-auth-dev                                 Active   13d
hmpps-book-video-link-dev                      Active   5d1h
hmpps-domain-events-dev                        Active   28m
hmpps-interventions-dev                        Active   7d1h
hmpps-interventions-preprod                    Active   70m
hmpps-manage-users-dev                         Active   23d
hmpps-manage-users-preprod                     Active   6d23h
hmpps-pin-phone-monitor-dev                    Active   29d
hmpps-pin-phone-monitor-qa                     Active   28d
hmpps-registers-dev                            Active   23d
hmpps-registers-preprod                        Active   6d23h
hmpps-template-kotlin                          Active   12d
hmpps-template-typescript                      Active   12d
hmpps-tier-dev                                 Active   27d
hmpps-tier-to-delius-update-dev                Active   26d
hmpps-welcome-to-prison-dev                    Active   5d2h
hmpps-workload-dev                             Active   28d
how-out-of-date-are-we                         Active   155d
ingress-controllers                            Active   155d
integrationtest-psp-20211126095251             Active   5d3h
jakemulley-cloud-platform-dev                  Active   63d
justicedata-staging                            Active   19d
justicedata-test                               Active   15d
kube-node-lease                                Active   155d
kube-public                                    Active   155d
kuberos                                        Active   155d
kube-system                                    Active   155d
laa-apply-bot-production                       Active   21d
laa-apply-for-legalaid-uat                     Active   13d
laa-cla-backend-staging                        Active   15d
laa-cla-backend-training                       Active   15d
laa-cla-backend-uat                            Active   15d
laa-cla-frontend-staging                       Active   13d
laa-cla-frontend-training                      Active   9d
laa-cla-frontend-uat                           Active   7d23h
laa-cla-public-staging                         Active   79m
laa-crime-means-assessment-dev                 Active   21d
laa-fala-staging                               Active   22h
laa-hmrc-interface-uat                         Active   25d
laa-legal-adviser-api-staging                  Active   46h
legal-framework-api-uat                        Active   62d
licences-dev                                   Active   5d1h
logging                                        Active   155d
maintenance-pages                              Active   43d
manage-intelligence-dev                        Active   18d
manage-my-prison-dev                           Active   81d
manage-soc-cases-dev                           Active   6d3h
monitoring                                     Active   155d
NAME                                           STATUS   AGE
ntollstreamlit-dev                             Active   34d
offender-case-notes-dev                        Active   19d
offender-case-notes-preprod                    Active   6d23h
offender-categorisation-dev                    Active   18d
offender-categorisation-preprod                Active   15d
offender-events-dev                            Active   13m
opa                                            Active   155d
operations-engineering                         Active   47d
pathfinder-dev                                 Active   20d
pathfinder-preprod                             Active   15d
paul-test                                      Active   155d
prison-api-certificates                        Active   12d
prisoner-content-hub-development               Active   6d2h
prisoner-offender-search-dev                   Active   19d
prison-to-nhs-update-dev                       Active   23d
prison-to-nhs-update-preprod                   Active   6d18h
prison-to-probation-update-dev                 Active   23d
prison-to-probation-update-preprod             Active   6d23h
raz-test-not-one                               Active   91d
saidmoj-dev                                    Active   35d
send-legal-mail-to-prisons-dev                 Active   27d
send-legal-mail-to-prisons-preprod             Active   27d
sm-dev                                         Active   83d
smoketest-ingress-20211129182027               Active   43h
soc-reporting-dev                              Active   3h8m
token-verification-api-dev                     Active   19d
token-verification-api-preprod                 Active   6d23h
use-of-force-dev                               Active   5d1h
velero                                         Active   155d
vijay-namespace-dev                            Active   155d
workforce-management                           Active   26d
workforce-management-dev                       Active   25d
